Welcome to the standard template library section of the course in this section of the Course will learn
about the C++ standard template library or as T.L. for short.
The FCO provides a rich set of containers iterators and algorithms that we can use with just about any
type of data we wish.
We've already worked with one of the SBL workhorses the vector First we'll see what the ACL is all about
and then we'll learn a little bit about generic or metaprogramming which is what the ACL uses to allow
us to use its components on just about any type of data.
We'll see how C++ can use preprocessor macros function templates and class templates to achieve generic
programming.
We'll also learn what generic programming is and why it's so powerful.
Then we'll look at the types of containers iterators and algorithms provided by the SBL and we'll look
at each of the main containers such as Array vector deck list set map stacks queues and priority his
Finally we'll learn about some of the commonly used algorithms in the SPL.
The cool thing about the ACL is that once you learn how to use one container one iterator and one algorithm
then the rest follows the same pattern.
So they become easy to learn.
There will also be several challenges in this section that will allow you to solve more problems using
the ACL containers iterators algorithms.
Most beginning See post post courses don't cover the ACL but I think it's important to cover it since
it's used very often in C++ programming.
Great.
So let's see what the ACL is all about.